The USB submodule of libmaple is responsible for:

    Initializing the USB peripheral, scaling the peripheral clocks
    appropriately, enabling the interrupt channels to USB, defining
    the USB isr, resetting the USB disc pin (used to tell the host
    were alive). Additionally, the USB submodule defines the virtual
    com port USB applications that is available to all user sketches
    via SerialUSB.print() and others.

To use it:

   [This section is out of date.  Does SerialUSB.begin() do the same
   thing as the old Usb.init()?]

   SerialUSB.print/ln, available(), read(), write() implement the same
     interface as Serial1/2/3


Current Status:

    Currently, the USB submodule relies on the low level core library
    provided by ST to access the USB peripheral registers and
    implement the USB transfer protocol for control endpoint
    transfers.  The high level virtual com port application is
    unfortunately hard to untangle from this low level dependence, and
    when a new USB core library is written (to nix ST dependence)
    changes will likely have to be made to virtual com application
    code. Ideally, the new core library should mimic the form of MyUSB
    (LUFA), since this library (USB for AVR) is growing in popularity
    and in example applications. Additionally, the USB lib here relies
    on low level hardware functions that were just ripped out of the
    bootloader code (for simplicity) but clearly this should be
    replaced with direct accesses to functions provided elsewhere in
    libmaple.

    The virtual com port serves two important purposes.

      1) It allows serial data transfers between user sketches an a
         host computer.

      2) It allows the host machine to issue a system reset by
         asserting the DTR signal.

    After reset, Maple will run the DFU bootloader for a few seconds,
    during which the user can begin a DFU upload operation (uploads
    application binary into RAM/FLASH). Thus, without this virtual com
    port, it would be necessary to find an alternative means to reset
    the chip in order to enable the bootloader.

    If you would like to develop your own USB application for whatever
    reason (uses faster isochronous enpoints for streaming audio, or
    implements the USB HID or Mass Storage specs for examples) then
    ensure that you leave some hook for resetting Maple remotely in
    order to spin up the DFU bootloader.  Please make sure to give
    yourself a unique vendor/product ID pair in your application, as
    some operating systems will assign a host-side driver based on
    these tags.

    It would be possible to build a compound USB device, that
    implements endpoints for both the virtual COM port as well as some
    other components (mass storage etc.).  However, this turns out to
    be a burden from the host driver side, as Windows and *nix handle
    compound USB devices quite differently.

    Be mindful that enabling the USB peripheral isnt "free." The
    device must respond to periodic bus activity (every few
    milliseconds) by servicing an ISR. Therefore, the USB application
    should be disabled inside of timing critical applications. In
    order to disconnect the device from the host, the USB_DISC pin can
    be asserted (on Maple this is GPIO C12). Alternatively, the NVIC
    can be directly configured to disable the USB LP/HP IRQ's.

    This library should exposed through usb.h; do not include any
    other files direcly in your application.

    The files inside of usb_lib were provided by ST and are subject to
    their own license, all other files were written by the LeafLabs
    team and fall under the MIT license.

Integration with libmaple:

    The current USB lib is ported from the Maple bootloader code,
    adapted to be a virtual com rather than a DFU device. That means
    several functions are redefined locally that could have been
    pulled from elsewhere in libmaple.  Thus, ths USB module doesn't
    have too many dependencies on libmaple.  It even ensures that
    clocks are configured correctly for its operation.  However, over
    time, some libmaple dependencies have crept in.

Todo:

    - write custom low level USB stack to strip out any remaining
      dependence on ST code
    - remove dependence on hardware.c, since any functions here really
      should have their own analogs elsewhere inside libmaple
    - add a high level USB application library that would allow users
      to make their own HID/Mass Storage/Audio/Video devices.
    - implement a SerialUSB.link(SerialX) that forces a passthrough
      the host computer virtual com to SerialX, and utilizes the
      line_config commands correctly (sets baud etc)
